Well let's see, it turns out Mirna, a kiss, how are you
Mirna, how are
we? It's
absurd, by the way. Well, nothing
matters, I'll tell you later.
Rocio Carrasco has
lost another civil proceeding, she filed
a lawsuit, it's been a long year, man,
how slow this is and what laziness the
lawsuits eh, I mean, look at you now what he's
putting together, I mean, Kiko Matamoros already won
in the first instance and in the second
instance and now he's won in the
supreme court. Kiko Matamoros,
uh, was sued by Rocio
Carrasco, let's see if it says here what he said,
he came to say something like Rocio
Carrasco had missed some
medical appointment for the child or something like that.
Kiko Matamoros assured in 2019 on
the Tele5 weekend program
that Rocio Carrasco had not taken her
youngest son to the medical appointment with the
neurologist, okay, journalistic truth, and
now a judicial reason for the first,
many of us don't
doubt it. Well, in the end, she sued here
with Matamoros, that's why you, I mean, look,
suing a person for saying that is that he
appeals and  he appeals the most
obvious thing But why do you appeal? He
always appeals to the end, but
look at you, and then pay, and then pay,
the Supreme Court ratifies
previous instances. Kiko Matamoro did not violate the
privacy of Carrasco and his children, it was of
public interest, he demonstrated this with his series, "
History or Chinese Tale," narrated on
Mediaset, Matamoro told what was owed
to the proper character and the
pertinent circumstances, with a sentence
in hand and definitive, it can be affirmed
that Kiko told the truth about the good
mother, favorite daughter, or lady in
fuchsia, and all supported by the
socialist-communist government of Pedro Sánchez and
Irene
Montero. Rocío Carrasco has lost a lot,
everything of Olga Moreno on the way to much
of Antonio David Flores, the man who
raised his children and rescued them when they were
minors, the children knocked on
David Flores's door, he did not kidnap him, and
now we begin with the collaborators and
colleagues during his last two years, there
is no problem, Carrasco will always have
the support of the lawyers, prosecutors, and
judges, Mrs. María Patiño, Mr. Jorge.
Xavier Vázquez and the woman who wrote
weight loss books Doña Carlota
corredera And if another prosecutor is missing Doña
Julia Otero with her interview on
Spanish television on International Women's Day, the
Galician woman was consecrated
Well, nothing else victory for
Matamoros let's
see the daughter of Roso Jurado sued
Matamoros in 2019 for statements
he made on television the
provincial court of Madrid ruled in favor of the
panelist in a ruling published in
2022 that we talked about Here we go in fact
Kiko Matamoros spoke about it there
was still Sálvame and I remember that Matamoro
eh on the set he was live and he
said it I have just been notified that I have
won
Rocío Carrasco's lawsuit Now the
Supreme Court has again dismissed
Rocío Carrasco's lawsuit against
Marta
López's husband how much did he
ask for how much he asked he doesn't
say how much he asked for 90,000 in
moral damages uncle he asked him he asked him for
90,000
chicha kid You are still out there
fighting with
people but chicha Why are you out there
fighting with people still Why are
you fighting 90,000 euros in
moral damages man it's that I don't know who
advised Rocío Carrasco to ask for
those amounts man It's that
then The more money you
ask for then the more the costs
you have The more money you ask for then the more the costs
if you ask for less then the costs are
less But how can you ask for something that doesn't make
sense is an outrage Rocío
Carrasco sued Kiko the production company
cuarzo and tele5 each of them for
90,000 euros my goodness the reason for the
lawsuit violation of the
fundamental rights to honor and
personal privacy of the family yes Joe But that's
always what
civil lawsuits are called they are called honor
privacy and such and
and there they go for example insults for
example when it's a lawsuit for
insults like the ones they put on me the ones I have that they
put on me Well for
insult Okay and it goes like that for honor for
honor privacy no  I know that
Eh if there are expressions that violate the
privacy of Rocío Carrasco they would be that they
tell intimacies Of course but
intimacies which ones and the honor would be
Well maybe there are
insulting expressions or something like that
chicha says bye I leave my dislike
Goodbye chicha
darling Goodbye
chicha says Sara Javi but I think that you do
n't pay them Antonia Viles owes a
few things have to be
paid for that you can't then not
pay that you can't then decide not to
pay it because you don't want to or in other words that you ca
n't do it you have to pay and if you do
n't pay they seize you I mean there's no more to
it than not paying them can't be
possible